area my hammer Raptor 660 engine I
bought is quite broken I was going to
fix it up and the piston bearing had
gotten stuck you can see how it ripped
itself and damaged the piston inside the
cylinder it's I think I can hone it away
if not I have to change the sleeve and
here is that notorious one-way bearing
in rapsa there you can see there's our
this is a normal play at the crankshaft
then I got this Pike it was in really
bad condition so I just tore it all
apart down to the frame its I'm gonna
sand down and paint I have to change
most of the bearings in it this one is
quite fun the lower steering stem
bearing have to get a bolt upside down
to loosen that one I'll make a video and
show you how that's done soon this crowd
has been rear-ended so la accessed was
broken really bent badly
and the taillight was broken but I found
another axis from another Yamaha bike up
450 bike and the most holes are the same
but I would have to cut off end of both
of them and well this one to this one it
is old I also got a rear brake light
from that 450 Yamaha it's the same bolt
pattern so I can use that it's really
good so let's go to fun find things that
fit between bikes always good to check
what fits yeah
so that's my husband back I got some got
some work out of me going to begin with
Anjan put that together and then carry
on